> :Title shadow=0 0 8px black, color=white
>
> Names and Lines

> :Author src=github

A program should be a comfortable place to sooth your worries. All the scopes
and separation of modifiers, which essentially keep us away, even if
temporarily, are there to provide for an eventual, restful, and reassuring
return. And it is not just proper continuation styles and consistency. There
should be a fully justified preference for some notion of quality to this
return. These are what historically are called "new lines", where you should not
mistake syntax for geometry, and therefore, happily enjoy the free space which
is left for resting after the return.

Return types have been always a contribution to this preference for quality.
They keep spaces independent and new lines will have more meaningful semantics.
The geometry would be easy to understand. Is it a matter of implementation?
Well, some beleive you can get better rests when your newlines are already part
of your context. In the sense that you do not find a type for them. Their
eventual presence might be good enough to guarantee consistency through context,
compared to the normal practice of keeping a book of references for where
semantics have shown up so far.

But to consider the above a matter of implementation has another side to it. Not
having a type for the new line gives the context a certain continuity. This is,
of course, the result of many years of practice, exactly in the matter of the
book of references. If you keep your scopes simple, you might not need the
continuity anyway. Context will essentially simplify to the enumeration of your
book; once used with simple rules, it fits on a page. You do not worry
about its geometry, and it does not need to cache what to modify as a set of
bound variables.

Among us, who live and automate, it is nice etiquette not to name things
properly. The book of references seems to help that. The nice thing would be the
empty spaces for rest when you return. The book is there for you to take a walk
until you find the reference. It takes more time, it is somehow better.
