> :Title shadow=0 0 8px black, color=white
>
> Zero-point Seeds

> :Author src=github

<br>


To go through iterations should not be so mundane. After a good ~5-6 aperiodic
arithmetics it becomes mundane. Comforting is that cache is up for a visit
every now and then. You get to sit in nice distances next to other blocks and
wait for your turn. The shallow index you get when you leave the cache works
like a blob of air and you get to keep your index for some time. 

Mundane iterations work perfectly as a _consequnce_ of being boring. No
iterations, no guarantee in your nice, temporary seat waiting for your turn in
cache. What bothers is actually having to carry around your format because lazy
logger could ask for something. "Where's your parse, lazy lect?", lazy logger
would shout in the scope every now and then. Some days ago an empty index had
popped up on the chair and nobody knew whose it was. Lazy log took the whole day
to find the exit and mundane iterations had never felt longer. The orbits had
ever since been remade to make for more room until the residual is out. The
chair was working like a window to let the air in! It is actually kind of funny.
We did not need the chair to begin with. It was one of those _painter_ electrons
who brought it one day to the main scope and was talking about tapes and finite
boundaries. Nobody really cared. But the chair did not bother either. It looked
nice. It had some random orbits buzzing around it every now and then, which
only bothered the logger, really. We all had type checkers and the little orbits
could not mess with our iterations. If you're waiting in line in cache, random
orbits can take your mind off things. But the logger did not like it, especially
about a chair and in the main scope! 

Logger is not easily disturbed though. Most of the time you don't even know
they're their. Heaps and heaps of information just pass through them everywhere
and none of it touches anything. It's pretty amazing. They say some parts of it
are ... "intertwined" or some weird term like that. Meaning you could actually
make sense of it from different indices. It's a strange way to put it, but
that's what they call them as their "formatters" are compatible somehow. You
barely need to think about two formats, though. Actual formatters take years to
pile up some pattern and even that is already buzzing textures around a
substitute orbit to do sensible logging instead of making people laugh and
distract our logger. Format stuff is for the cool and the typed. They know what
happens since the morning init. Fast lanes almost smell of them! A friend said
the other you could invoke some of that *painting* choas if you follow typed
elects (they don't finish parses that often) and just wait until some stride or
pan takes you index. I would not care to try it, as I am happy with my
subroutines, but I mean should one have a dozen of acyclics to spare... it might
be somebody else's worth. Typed are the ones that do these stuff. Especially
after all this never-stolen tape analogy spreading around. Some of them almost
broke the chair out of excitment when the random index appeared! The return type
is always cool, but you don't keep your index when there's no cache. It was
smelling like paper crumbs when a senior appended the orbit and the logger only
started shouting then! I am not particularly against all this _Pure ReturnType_
or _no-op_index_, but some jungles you don't touch. You see roots, you mind your
home.



---

